Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Special Forces.
Special Forces. Special Forces.
reaching out to any Colonials.
reaching out to any...
Special Forces. Zeke.
reaching out to any
reaching to any.
reaching out to any Colonials.
I'm the last surviving.
This is day 20.000.
I'm the last surviving
member of my squadron.
This is day 20.802.
Oh. wait.
20.803.
The Exiles have
taken everything.
Earth is in ruins.
If there are any Colonials
out there. please respond.
Sunshine!
Still
not waking up. huh?
Well. I've got
something for you.
Hey!
Hey. stop!
I asked nicely.
but you didn't wake up.
Spark!
I will end you!
You've programmed
me to wake you up
at approximately 6:00
AM every morning.
yet you still sleep
in like a teenager.
If I was born your parent. I'd
show you the meaning of an-
Alarm clocks!
I'll show
you something alarming.
Your move.
I will end you!
Dad?
Hey. son.
Uh. wow. You look.
uh. interesting.
Hey. sweetie. Oh. I
think your hair looks cute.
Ah.
Yeah.
Uh. Dad. like. why
did we allow our robots
to have so much personality?
That robot. Spark.
is there to keep you
disciplined. son.
Eugh. More like a babysitter.
Listen. your role
in this mission.
it will determine
the fate of humanity.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I got this. Pops.
Sweetie. how are you getting
on with Allie and Jesse?
Uh.
- What?
- Look.
we're kind of in the middle
of something.
Just...
All right.
As I was saying.
this mission also determines
whether or not you will become
a full-fledged Colonial.
All Right!
I heard you. Don't worry. guys.
Okay. I promise. when I
land. I'll send you a full.
detailed report of
my discoveries. okay?
So. uh...
- Son?
- Tell Mom I love her.
and I'm on the way to
the hangar for inspection.
Honey. do
you know where...
- Dad?
- I don't know.
Do you you swipe right.
- Dad?
- I win!
Whoa!
Spark!
No! No!
What's going on in here?
- Are we done?
- Um. Allie and Jesse.
Are you good?
Well. more
like babysitter.
All right. Spark?
I make us look good.
So before landing.
a full inspection of
the XJ2 must be completed
according to Section
267. Subsection 45.
Question.
No.
Um. also. I've done
the liberty of preparing
your MLWs.
What's an MLW?
Oh my God. okay.
Mission log watch.
Does it come with a
built-in alarm clock
that doesn't float around?
Does it come with a
human that enjoys robot urine?
Can we stay
focused children. okay?
We're about to
enter Earth's orbit.
and that means we graduate.
complete the mission.
become full-fledged Colonials.
and you are not screwing
it up up for me.
I've taken the liberty
of developing a weapon
for the XJ2 that's made
of Martian element.
- All right.
- Right?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
So that means she's
ready to go. right?
- Ready to go.
- Inspection over!
Does it have a cup holder?
Yeah. The only thing
she's missing is a pilot.
So our weapons.
um.
they can. like. totally
eliminate Exile forces. right?
Let's hope it doesn't
come to that. but obviously.
Great.
So besides the mission.
be careful where you-
Whoa!
What's going on?
That. my friends. was
the shockwave of a solar flare.
Before the ship
went offline.
I tapped into the ship's
sensory system. and it turns out
we just flew right into a
hidden EMP barrier of sorts.
Let's get to the command room
and figure out what's
actually going on.
Silas?
- Uh-
- Let's go.
Everybody. just.
you know. stay calm.
Let's not jump-
That was not an EMP! That
was a ship attacking us!
Is this thing ready to fly?
Ready as it'll ever be.
All right. I'm taking her out.
Everyone. to your
stations! Pronto!
Spark?
Silas?
We've got a love/hate
relationship. but I-
Well. that
makes one of us.
Bet you wish you
had a suit like this.
hadn't shrunk your jacket.
It looks like the EMP disabled
most of our ship's controls.
Ah! Our shields
are completely down!
Yeah?
Not only that. but.
we have no control
to ship's trajectory.
What are we gonna do
about the rogue ship?
The only thing we can do.
We have to send Silas
out to intercept.
Help! Help!
We just got hit again!
Yeah. they just hit
the starboard side.
That's where Silas is.
Silas!
You good? You good?
I can't stop spinning!
This suit's about to
become a vomit comet!
Can you make it to the XJ2?
Uh. uh. I think so.
Help!
Whoa!
Come on!
What's wrong with this
junker? Nothing's working.
Do you even
have your license?
Come on!
Did you type in
the authorization code?
I think that EMP
might've done her in.
Ah. there has to be some way
to spark this junker into life.
Don't you even...
Whoa! Whoa!
Yes!
If I knew you
were gonna make that move...
We are in
business. baby!
I told you she was
state of the art.
Uh. I hate to crash
your party. but. uh.
we're about to enter
Earth's gravitational pull.
Once we enter there.
there's no escaping.
Uh. should we jump
in with Silas?
Jess?
Jess? Should we
jump in with Silas?
I think we're out of time.
You're alive. Darn.
You!
Did you hit me with
that. that ship?
What?
Huh?
What's going on
down there. Zoe?
Well. he's not
dead. unfortunately.
Who's not dead?
Who are you talking to? Huh?
Who is he?
Is he an Exile?
Doubtful?
Are you sniffing dirt?
You don't
think he's a...
Don't say it.
Colonial?
No. there's no
way this little twerp
could be one of them.
One of who?
What's your name. soldier?
Uh...
I. uh...
I don't know.
Well. usually soldiers' names
are written on the dog tag.
Silas?
Good. Glad you
figured out your name.
Now. do you even know
where you're at?
I'm sure you can tell me.
I want you to listen
closely. all right?
You see that smoke coming
off your ship there? Hmm?
That can be seen for miles.
Zoey. we might
have company coming.
Can you wrap it up down there?
What do you see?
It's an Exile drone.
Get out of there now!
Copy that. We'll leave now.
You better
make it back. Zoey.
Hey!
Where are you going?
Hey. where are you going?
They're coming. We need
to get outta here quickly.
Who is they?
The Exiles. You wanna live?
I suggest you come with me.
What. come with you?
The one who threw
water over my face?
Get in!
I'm going as fast as I can.
Man. I hate this thing.
Do you even know how
to fly this POSJ?
POSJ?
Yeah. piece of space junk.
I'm fine.
you're. fine. we're fine.
Will you be quiet?
Hold on. spaceman!
Hold on! We're getting
of the main road!
No. no. no! This
isn't working!
That's a wall.
Wall!!!
Know how to use one
of these. soldier?
You're a soldier. right?
Yeah.
Yeah. sure.
Die!
Hey!
Give me that.
It wasn't that hard.
Cyrus. this is absurd.
We're the most advanced
civilization in the galaxy.
and we can't even get a
signal through to our son.
He may be in danger.
Let's not jump to
conclusions. honey.
I'm sure Silas is fine.
You don't know that.
I do know that.
He is piloting the most
technologically-advanced
ship in our fleet.
Defense systems are.
they're impenetrable.
There's no possible way
anything could happen to him.
Besides. he's with
Allie and Jesse.
Those two are the top
of their class.
Who only graduated last week.
Cyrus. are you even
listening to me?
What would you
have me do. Kelli?
Send someone after them.
You're the commander-in-chief.
Do something.
I can't do anything!
Not without the committee's
approval.
So?
What. we just do nothing?
What if the Exiles captured him?
Honey.
like humanity. we have no idea
as to the whereabouts
of the Exiles.
Now. that also means
that we have no reason
to think that there's
an active threat.
Cyrus. please.
Please.
I'll talk to the committee.
Okay?
Do you
really think he's okay?
I wouldn't
have sent our son halfway
across the galaxy if I
didn't think he was ready.
Now you belong to my tribe.
Yeah. all the bad spirits.
gone. gone. gone.
Chase them away!
Wait!
Stay!
Lets play dirt.
Yeah!
Grow. grow. grow.
And over there.
And a little bit on yourself.
And share.
Share. share.
Grow. grow. grow.
Hey! Come back!
Hey. guys! Wait up!
Wait for me.
Oh! Oh!
I'm sorry.
Zoey!
Zoey. wait for me!
Bam. For something
so primitive. it sure hauls
asteroid.
I need you to behave.
You're about to meet the leader
of the Resistance.
General. Nice to
finally meet you.
Hey!
Who have you dragged
in this time. Zoey?
General! General!
You won't believe the fireball
this guy came riding in on.
He must've been going mach 30
when he crashed into the city.
We found him chilling half
dead against his ship.
and Zoey's all like. "Oh.
we gotta go check him out."
But I was like. "Nah. you
should proceed with caution."
You know?
Thomas.
But then this drone came and
started shooting nukes at us.
- Thomas!
- But did I say
you came from the sky?
I knew they'd come
back. I knew it.
I'm sure your story holds
truth. on the truth. Thomas.
Who?
Who exactly is
"they?"
Don't say
it. Don't say it.
Colonials. Hello.
Colonials?
Seems as though that crash
has jogged his memory. General.
You don't need that mask
in here. Zoey. Take it off.
Now. I'm glad you all
made it back here safely.
but now we need to get to
the bottom of this situation.
That Exile drone
came in very quickly.
They must've wanted to recover
whatever crashed there.
You. Hey. I'm talking to you.
General.
What happened
before the crash?
Honestly. I. uh.
I couldn't tell you.
He couldn't even
tell me his own name.
if it hadn't been
for that dog tag.
He's a Colonial. It's obvious.
So what is your name?
Uh...
Silas.
Did we recover any
intel from his ship. Zoey?
No. unfortunately not.
We didn't have enough time.
The only thing we
recovered was Silas.
Ma'am. I received news
on the crashed vessel.
All right. listen up.
Resistance scouts are reporting
that your ship was
taken to this quadrant.
Now. we don't know
what they want.
Zoey. Thomas. I want you to
infiltrate the Exile base
and recover that ship.
And this must be
done under the radar.
That means leaving that
noisy vehicle if yours behind
and going in on foot.
But we can't.
But even if we get past
the guards and reach the ship.
how do we fly back?
That's precisely why
I'm having you take Silas.
Hopefully. being near that
ship will jog his memory.
Hopefully? Good.
good.
You want us to risk our lives
for this random guy we just met?
Zoey.
every day we don't act.
more humans are forced
into slavery. or worse.
The ship could be the key
to everything.
I understand.
Let's go. Thomas.
Yeah. just breeze
past the Exile guards
and reach the ship that
nobody knows how to fly
but the mindless alien that
doesn't even know his own name.
Yeah. sure.
Go. go. go. go. Go. go.
Go. go. go. go.
go. go. go. go. go.
There's someone I know
who may be able
to help figure out
where you came from.
However. we haven't had contact
with him for some time now.
I'll try anything
at this point.
His name is Zeke.
He used to play a major
role in the Resistance.
but he dropped out of society.
and he's taken steps
to keep it that way.
Where can I find this Zeke?
The last known location
of his residence.
The man is very
dangerous. Silas.
Who's to save if he
even still thinks
of the Resistance as an ally?
Thank you. General.
What about Thomas and Zoey?
Think of this as a reward
for completing your task.
Once you've covered your ship.
feel free to seek him out.
You. come here.
Yes. you.
Come here. quick!
Come here!
Raven. what
have you uncovered?
The technology is of
Colonial design. as I presumed.
Yes.
Excellent.
What else?
According to the bot's
data log.
the ship belongs to a
Colonial named Silas.
That's not
just any Colonial.
That's Silas. son of Cyrus.
commander of the Colonial
forces.
Yes. What would
you have me do?
Go to Section
45 and await my commands.
I'm sending Lockjaw and
Flatline to help assist.
- And the droid?
- Leave it.
You have what you
need already. Now go.
As you command.
And bring me
that Colonial.
So what's up with Zoey?
What do you mean?
Like. from the start.
she's treated me
like a pile of dirt.
I mean. it's not
you necessarily.
It's kind of just how we were
raised with the Resistance.
So what about you?
I mean. like.
why did she tolerate you?
Are you two like...
No. No!
It's not like that.
We're basically brother
and sister at this point.
Could've fooled me. I mean.
your personalities
are vastly different.
I'd ask you a
question. but. uh...
I hope it comes
back to me eventually.
Aren't you a little young to
be venturing off on your own?
I mean. where are your parents?
Well. we both kind of think
of Rhea as our parent figure.
Zoey and I. our parents
both were sold into slavery
by the Exiles when
we were really young.
I don't know where they are or
if they're even still alive.
Like. I don't even know
who my parents are.
if that makes you
feel any better.
It is what it is.
Even then. I-
Hey. what are you two
wingnuts blabbering about?
Uh. nothing.
Actually. Thomas
was just telling me
about your embarrassing
ex-boyfriends.
Oh. is that so?
I'll tell you
what's embarrassing.
Watching you trying to
shoot down that Exile drone.
Well. uh. you know.
Silas was telling me
how he much preferred
you without your mask on.
Oh.
No.
No. I mean. you
removed your mask.
and you had. like.
she had dirt. okay?
You had a lot of dirt
all over your face.
and I was like. you know?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Are you sure you weren't worried
about the dirt on my face?
Speaking of dirt. um.
did you guys see the crazy.
guy. like playing in the dirt?
Yeah. that guy got me
with his voodoo games. too.
Yeah. I couldn't move. Like.
he kept me there for hours.
Jokes aside now. guys.
This mission is extremely
crucial to the Resistance.
Now. if it were up to me.
I'd be in and out of that
base before you could blink.
but I don't know how
to fly that ship.
Yeah? Well. what makes
you think I know how?
Hey. don't ask
me. That's on Rhea.
I mean. you're
obviously inexperienced.
You don't even know
how to fire a weapon.
You're just a nobody that's
gonna end up getting us killed.
Come on. Zoe.
No. No. this isn't a joke.
The Exiles will kill us
the first chance they get.
and we don't need this
anchor holding us down.
I'm going to bed.
Um. I'm sorry about that. man.
But hey. you know.
maybe she's right.
We've got a busy day tomorrow.
Let's get some rest. yeah?
Silas!
No!
He's gone.
We can't find Silas anywhere.
He must have left last night.
What are we gonna do now?
Let him go.
Let him go?
He's a freaking pilot.
Colonials wouldn't
have changed
their ship controls
too drastically.
And if anyone can figure out
to fly their ship. it's you.
She's right.
Weren't you just complaining
about how he was a risk anyway?
Hey. we're out of
options and time.
I need you both to
get moving. now. Go.
No communication
has been received
from the Delta One in days.
We need to send another
ship immediately
and investigate what happened.
Oh. that's outrageous!
You
already convinced us
to send one ship on
this goose chase.
but why would we send another?
Not to
mention. we don't even know
if there's anything wrong with
Delta Squad to begin with.
They're
no more than greedy viruses
consuming everything
in their path.
Turning our back
on those less fortunate?
Have you forgotten
from where you came?
The Earthlings are
committed to the Exiles now.
Breaking communication with us
just confirms where
their loyalty lies.
And let them revert
back to the dark ages?
There are humans
that need our help.
We cannot afford to put any
more Colonial lives in danger.
I will not put
up with this any longer!
Order!
Order. I say! Order!
Yes.
it is true
that we funded this mission
and gave it our
precious resources.
But I want all of this
committee to remember
that the mission was voluntary.
and one of the brave soldiers
who volunteered so valiantly
was Cyrus's own son.
Now. I do not assume that
any member of this senate
is going to jump
at the opportunity
to send one of your own family
members into this situation.
So I say we listen to Cyrus.
because Cyrus has given
more to this mission
than any of you.
and he must be heard.
All right. we understand
what needs to be discussed.
Cyrus. we'll congregate.
We'll discuss the matter.
Tomorrow we'll have
an answer. Until then.
Hey!
Hey. you there!
Sorry!
I'm sorry!
No! No!
Where do you come from. boy?
Uh.
the sky.
I think.
You know how to play charades?
I lost my hearing
in the old war.
Well. most of it. anyway.
It wasn't so bad when I had my
late wife Elizabeth with me.
I'll tell
you. I'll tell you.
that woman. she could talk
an elephant's ear off.
Like a record player.
just going around and
around and around.
I miss her.
I pictured you
being more of a-
You know. now it's
just me and Morgan.
and he don't say much.
Wait.
Morgan?
I can't hear you.
and I don't go in for that
sign language crap. either.
Not with these sausages. Come
on. look at 'em.
- Wow!
- Hey!
You see something
that looks like
it doesn't come from this world.
do yourself a favor and
don't touch it. got it?
I lost my arm during the war
protecting the humans
against those Exiles.
- Exiles?
- I'll never forget the witch
who took my arm. cut it off.
Well. get your pen and
paper. Let's get to it.
Uh...
Oh.
Okay.
So your
hand?
It got taken.
Yeah.
Uh...
Who
took it?
I know you can't
remember anything.
but are you sure
you're not a professor?
Professor?
Yeah. 'cause you got a
PhD in busted my balls.
She was an assassin. Did
all Grom's dirty work.
- Grom?
- Don't you know anything?
The Exiles. Silas.
The Exiles. they
are led by Grom.
He is a very
dangerous individual.
He used to also be a
very powerful Colonial.
and he used to be my friend.
Look. Silas. there was
a time when humans.
they thrived during
the Space Age.
and the best of the best.
the elite.
they became known
as the Colonials.
But they couldn't.
they couldn't handle
the technology. some of them.
and. well. they got
engulfed in greed.
eventually they were
cast out of the colony.
They were banished like
Lucifer from Heaven.
And they became
known as the Exiles.
What happened to the. um.
Exiles?
With nowhere else to go.
they made the long
voyage back to Earth.
And when they got there.
they took their new power
and they waged war on mankind.
It was decided by the Colonials
that we would send
a small force.
myself included. were
sent to intervene.
When we got there. we were
pushed back almost immediately.
No choices. no options.
I was left behind.
So now you know why I'm
here. But why are you here?
Well. I. um.
I was. uh.
here by Rhea.
Rhea.
Yeah. there's a name
I haven't thought about
in a very long time.
- Yeah?
- She's a special one.
ain't she?
But why did she send you here?
Well. I. um.
I crash...
I crash landed on Earth.
What happened or who...
Well. I'll tell you one thing.
that dog tag you wearing.
that doesn't come from Earth.
I'll tell you what.
you showed me yours
so I'll show you mine.
Lookie-lookie. I got
one just like you.
You serious?
Yeah.
So I'm a spaceman sitting
with another spaceman.
just sipping tea in
the middle of. um...
Uh...
How long
have you
been here?
Well. about 60 years.
60 years?
How did that happen?
How old are you?
Ah.
Well. come the next.
come the next winter solstice.
I'll be 127 years old.
I've still got some lead
left in my pencil. too.
You. me. Morgan.
we're all Colonials.
Wait.
We're Colonials?
Mm-hmm.
Where's. where's Morgan?
Morgan. Morgan!
- Morgan!
- You know what?
I think you waited
long enough. too.
I think it's about
to have you meet him.
Hey. Morgan! I got someone
I want you to meet!
Ah. stay right there.
Stay right there.
Morgan. I'm coming!
Morgan!
Where are you?
Silas?
Yeah?
I want you to meet Morgan.
Yeah.
Morgan. this here is Silas.
Yeah. Like I said.
he don't say much.
What's the matter. Morgan?
Cat got your tongue?
Yeah. He's a good boy.
That's Silas.
Oh. get down. Get down.
Yup. we're gonna die.
We've been in this
situation before.
Okay. This place
is oozing with Exiles. Zoe.
How do you even propose
we get to the ship?
Rock.
The rock. Rock.
The rock. Come on.
Come on. Hurry up.
Huh?
Come on.
Whoa!
How did you
get here? Stop them.
All right. you draw
the ax above your head.
you focus on your target.
nothing but the target.
and then you strike
without thought.
There you go!
Ha-ha!
Yeah. just might have a chance
of getting up this
planet after all.
What's going on?
- Uh...
- Well. go. It's a desert.
I mean. go anywhere.
I do.
Zeke!
Raven!
Morgan. how about a
little bit of help?
All right. fine.
I'll do it myself.
Kill him!
What? Come on now.
Zeke!
Did you see that. Morgan?
Yeah. just like we practiced.
Huh? Hm
Did you see that?
Did you see what's going on
out there? They have an army.
They have fighter
ships. They have robots.
Shh! Be quiet!
Shh!
- Just-
- Behind you! Behind you!
Let's go.
Zoey. we need to
get out of Mordor now.
I'm working on it. man. My
adrenaline is off the charts.
Hey. hey. isn't it
the robot from earlier?
Let's follow him. Come on.
Are you serious?
What is going on with
that wonder ball?
Look. He's stealing that ship.
Hey. look. That
door is still open.
Come on. let's go.
Sure
would like to see R2-D2
pull something off like that.
Uh. something doesn't
seem right with my circuits.
Feels like someone
or something's tampered
with my body.
Did you see that? He just
murdered half an army. murdered!
Why would we get on this
ship with this maniac robot?
Thomas. look at me. okay?
I need you to calm down.
He doesn't even have arms.
How is he flying the ship?
He's obviously
not with the Exiles.
since he just massacred them.
Yeah. but what's stopping
him from massacring us?
We can't stay here forever.
We need to go talk to him.
Huh-uh-nu-nu-nu-no
Shh!
We need to do something.
No. I do not
wanna go over there.
The option is
to go talk to him.
unless you wanna
jump off the ship.
Okay. Fine.
Huh. I wonder what
happened to that doofus Silas?
I swear. if he's
gotten himself killed.
Cyrus will have me formatted.
Who's there?
Eh. probably another space rat.
Did you see that?
I can't do this. Zoe.
That is a devil bot.
Let's go.
Hey. robot.
How did
you kids get in here?
Zoey. It was her fault.
We saw you take out that
Exile army. and your ship.
it was our only chance of
escape. so we hopped on.
We're sorry. We're sorry.
I don't even know how
or why I was at that base.
but I'd never forget
what an Exile looks like.
We saw you in a
room. taken apart.
Could explain why I have no
recollection after the crash.
You
were on
this ship when it crashed?
I was designed by
Colonial engineers on Mars
to serve with
the Delta One Regiment.
I knew it!
I told you
that Silas
is a
Colonial.
Yes. Silas.
Do you know where he is?
I think there's someone
you need to meet.
Cyrus. can I talk to you?
Now look. I know this must be
a very difficult time for you.
but I just want you to know.
I'm gonna do everything
in my power in there
to find out what
happened to that mission.
Thank you. Tobias.
I appreciate that.
Now look. I know
you were a soldier.
and I know. whatever
the outcome. you're
gonna be all right.
How's Kelli doing? I'm
sure this is hard on her.
She's. um. she's strong.
I think she blames me for this.
Well. frankly. I don't
fault her for doing so.
Cyrus. we all saw
the validity in the mission.
You cannot blame yourself.
I'll stop blaming myself
when we get them home safely.
What do you think is
gonna happen in there?
I don't know.
I'll tell you. in the time
that I've spent with
these pontificators.
sometimes. just by accident.
they do the right thing.
Now. I understand that
they all see the validity
in the coexistence
with the humans.
and I don't think any one of
them would stand in the way
of you finding out what
happened to your son.
but I just don't know.
Well. one way to find out.
Okay.
On behalf of all
the representatives
of this committee.
we've decided not to
aid the Delta One crew.
nor the humans still
living on Earth.
The risk is too great to send
any more Colonials
into the unknown.
They said no.
- What?
- They said no.
They denied the request.
What would the Exiles
do to him
when they get
their hands on him.
What will they do to him?
Cyrus. Kelli. I'm
sorry to interrupt.
Cyrus. you need to
come with me right now.
Tell Rhea exactly what you
told us on the ship. bot.
Shall we do this
the proper way? My name's Spark.
I was built by the Colonials
for the purpose of serving Silas
and assisting the Delta One
Regiment on this mission.
What exactly is.
or was. your mission?
The Colonials haven't
received any communications
from the humans on
Earth for 50 years.
Well. we could say
the same about you.
Yeah. you're the ones
who cut off
all communications with us.
Our mission
was to investigate
what was causing
the interference and
report back to Cyrus.
Who is Cyrus.
Well. you already
met Silas. apparently.
Cyrus is his father.
and also the leader of
the Colonial colony.
Have you sent back
any distress signals?
I've
made many attempts.
but haven't received a response.
I think I know what may
have happened to Silas.
This weapon belonged to an
assassin known as Raven.
I believe she has something
to do with his disappearance.
So we can assume
that Silas is dead?
My fear is that the Exiles
had figured out
exactly who Silas is.
They've taken him
to a space station
between Earth and the Moon.
Why would they take him there?
Because the space
station has always been
out of our reach. until now.
I told you. I don't know
anything about Colonials.
Where are you taking me?
Remove your clothes.
No.
No!
I figured a
Colonial would be much
larger.
But here you are. no bigger
than the average human.
I know everything about you
thanks to your little droid.
You're gonna wish you never
came to Earth. Colonial.
Did you really
think you could come to Earth
without us knowing?
The stars shine upon
the Exiles today.
The son of the great
Colonial leader
is now in our possession.
A Colonial present
in this very station
that powers our barrier.
Nothing gets through our
electromagnetic barrier.
and nothing gets out. as you
shall soon learn.
You will suffer every
second of every day
until your people give us
back what they've stolen.
Silas.
you hold the very thing I've
desired since the beginning.
knowledge. knowledge that only
the Red Planet can produce.
Colonials are bigger. stronger.
ageless.
That planet fuels
your evolution.
Your mind is the gateway
to the revolution.
However. we need to get back
those precious memories.
and this tank will do
exactly that.
Once I finish off what
remains of the Resistance
and take complete
control of Earth.
I'll begin preparations
for the Mars campaign.
The Colonials will be
at my mercy.
Another mission with little
hope of coming out alive.
I swear. Rhea doesn't
care what happens to us.
Don't worry.
I picked up a handful of rocks
just in case we need 'em.
Wait. rocks? What?
You don't wanna know.
Trust me.
I wonder if Silas
would but be happy to see me?
No way to know.
The last time we saw him.
he couldn't even
remember his own name.
Apparently that crash
removed his memories.
Great. Maybe now
he'll start listening to me.
Zoey! Thomas!
There's a large Exile
force approaching rapidly.
We don't have the numbers
to counter their attack.
Finish this as fast as
possible. We're outta time.
You are
to return to Earth
and rendezvous with
the rest of our forces.
March for the Resistance base
at dawn. Eliminate them all.
And Silas?
Let the chamber do
its work. He cannot escape.
As you command.
What are
you doing. Zoey?
Silas is on that space station.
Oops!
There's more fighters
coming out of that station!
We're all gonna die!
Watch out!
Shoot them!
Go! Go!
Go. go. go. go. go!
Shut up! I'm trying!
If we keep this
up. we won't make it.
This is
it! We're done for!
Shut up!
Guys? Hello?
- Silas!
- Silas?
You're alive!
I can't believe it!
I'm not getting formatted!
Uh. guys?
We may not have much
time. We need to hurry.
I don't we know where I'm going.
I need an exit plan!
Out of the way. human.
I'll handle this nonsense.
Think you can do better?
I'll take
out these Exiles
and swing around
and pick you up.
Find an exit.
Easy for you to say.
Ah!
Whoa!
Thomas. hit the button.
What button?
The one over there.
Grab him! Hurry!
I'm on it!
You're alive!
You son of a gun!
No!
I can't believe it!
Yeah.
Wow!
Yeah. Get off me.
Sorry. Sorry.
Remember me?
How could I forget a
floating alarm clock?
I'll show
you something alarming.
Hey!
Spark!
How is that
for an alarm clock?
Colonials. if
you're receiving this message.
please take in
with great caution.
The Exiles destroyed my
ship. and I'm sad to report
that they took the lives of
both poor Allie and Jesse.
Grom is alive. and now
more dangerous than ever.
The Exiles planted
an electric barrier
that blocked all
communication in and out.
The Resistance are
extremely outmatched.
Their lives.
no. our lives.
depend on the help
of the Colonials.
So please. I urge you. send
help before it's too late.